hi how are you cd Teruel tells me this time I will present a video
tutorial of cowen cheating in videogames
all that variety of a program called chepe cinema
This is the one that decides
it is a crime of lesa unmarked from the jury
also know as
aitor of rumors about free
few days the government does not know how it works and to do so choose a classic
of the old ones I mean the one of super mario bros
what we do not want to do is this or brain since what we have started
we will see chance to him
the emulator along with the program that I showed you
it was like I have started the videogame now we go randomly
the xerez has
We call when we open a house that will open this window
we go from here where it is with what shines
and it will open a list of processes
in this list of processes
we press the double run button
for what
did not show the wells that are running into account at this time
we look for the work in this case teresa vera
jn 3 0 points 6
our list of processes
we search
So be it
the other one we stumble we press to what there is
at this time we already have it in the villacero room
the best way the comptroller
find codes of being judged and that we play
they provoked ceres this place is in total seasons since
this collector to work
as they found him morelos what I have to do is grab
the three winners of the video game
we returned to our program before
liquid of that bulwark value
in the bar he claimed he got two out of 100
as you will see we grab two coins
and those act values
we reiterate clip people
first stereo that did not locate part
5000 results
obviously no more than one of them is the profile we are looking for
we return to the river as if to catch a bad win
We were Javier a residence
we click on the name of 70
type of scan
on this visit
we put you here that increased our value
wants after we do pérez who says it following careers
no doubt this only three
--results
let's pay off the check
has the same number of discomforts with the video game
ubera
we are going to dedicate the way in which we can have until the goal in the test
someday and managers of the postseason
in the first with Ávila March inn
warns again in love
notice that yes
if I keep playing like that
we have located
the counter the currency
let's find out
we are going to put the locations through the network but in this case we are going to
freeze value
to always have the twenty so
as hierarch the bottom part
carmona that rice as if every time he grabbed claimed lagarde
the first base of the raptors to score 42 25 scholarships is from the Caesar
so I've been collecting a lot of coins
now if you want to see even more cheaters
what a dictator we put him
the naval signature of the border region
pinto is going to get went crazy
there are days that I do not have to grab moragas
to make reality
but not enough
we can activate exhibits the trick here tells us decision
we can put you
for example
in his name the trick he was able to find
and we can save this code in it
the desk for german
statements that we wanted to win but the video game will be charged
link the wall
- It seems that no
and we can ask to load here directly the trick without needing
go searching again
as you can see
that's because he wants to look for values
values ​​highlighted these known values ​​on the previous day
for him palm the second part of the money
I will show you how against locating values
unknown in the video game fighters are known values ​​but
they do not look at the naked eye
already to say goodbye I'd like to
send a greeting to my cameraman
cameraman and video editor and when to oscar what is
in his farewell words but possible
for
to operate
doubts and comments look at their ordered phases dress up of frac web inf
until next time